feat(firebase_crashlytics): rework (#3420)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: packages/firebase_crashlytics/firebase_crashlytics_platform_interface/README.md

# firebase_crashlytics_platform_interface

A common platform interface for the [`firebase_crashlytics`][1] plugin.

> This interface allows platform-specific implementations of the `cloud_firestore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface allows platform-specific implementations of the `firebase_crashlytics`
```
